README.md, before:

# date-simplify
Set of tools that simplifies calculations about dates and time  on your Angular App


# Version
This library is working with Angular 13

# Install
You only have to install it using npm:
```
npm i @jmjhox/date-simplify
```

## How to use it
To get Started, you have to import "DateSimplifyService" as a service within your Angular app:
```
import { DateSimplifyService } from '@jmjhox/date-simplify';
```

In your app.module.ts
```
import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';
import { BrowserModule } from '@angular/platform-browser';
import { DateSimplifyService } from 'projects/date-simplify/src/public-api';

import { AppComponent } from './app.component';

@NgModule({
  declarations: [
    AppComponent
  ],
  imports: [
    BrowserModule
  ],
  providers: [DateSimplifyService],
  bootstrap: [AppComponent]
})
export class AppModule { }
```

And finally, in your component where it will be used:
```
import { Component, OnInit } from '@angular/core';
import { DateSimplifyService } from 'projects/date-simplify/src/public-api';
@Component({
  selector: 'app-root',
  templateUrl: './app.component.html',
  styleUrls: ['./app.component.scss']
})
export class AppComponent implements OnInit{
  title = 'date-workspace';
  constructor(private date_simply:DateSimplifyService){}
  ngOnInit(): void
  {}
}
```
# getDateRangeLimitUTC
Is a method used to get the age limit of the user based on the actual date of the year or a custom date you want to use it from reference using UTC
## How to use it
It has two parameters: 
```
public getRangeLimit(dateRange: number, ChangeDate?: string)

dateRange: number(the number you want to limit)
ChangeDate?: string (the date you migh want to use from reference, the format is dd/mm/yyyy)
```

# getDateRangeLimitLocal
Is a method used to get the age limit of the user based on the actual date of the year or a custom date you want to use it from reference using your local time
## How to use it
It has two parameters: 
```
public getRangeLimit(dateRange: number, ChangeDate?: string)

dateRange: number(the number you want to limit)
ChangeDate?: string (the date you migh want to use from reference, the format is dd/mm/yyyy)
```

# dateFormat
Is a function that formats any date to yyyy/mm/dd , if for some reasons, the date is impossible to get, it returns the same date introduced.
## How to use it
```
this.date_simply.dateFormat('12121998')
```
It should Return 12/12/1998 on string format

# dateIsValid
method to check if a date is valid or not. it only returns false or true.
## How to use it
```
this.date_simply.dateIsValid('12','12','1998')
```
It should Return 12/12/1998 on string format


# dateIsValidFix
Checks if the date is valid, and attempts to fix the date automatically for yourself

```
Format:
dateIsValidFix(day: string, month: string, year: string)
```

## How to use it
```
this.date_simply.dateIsValidFix('12','12','1998')
```

It should Return 12/12/1998 on string format


## Contributing
Thank you for considering contributing to Date-Simplify! The contribution guide can be found in the [Date-Simplify documentation]()



# License

Date-Simplify is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).


## Code of Conduct

In order to ensure that the Date-simplify community is welcoming to all, please review and abide by the [Code of Conduct]().

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Date-simplify, please send an e-mail to Jose Aparicio via [josemiguelaparicio507@gmail.com](mailto:josemiguelaparicio507@gmail.com). All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

Commit message:

typescriot and javascript library transformation

README.md, after:

# date-simplify
Set of tools that simplifies calculations about dates and time  on your Javascript & Typescript Applications!


# Version
This library was originally designed to be working for Angular 13, but now it has re-design to be working with all type of Javascript & Typescript Apps.

# Install
You only have to install it using npm:
```
npm i @jmjhox/date-simplify
```

## How to use it
To get Started, you have to import "DateSimplify" as a service within your Angular app:
```
import {DateSimplify} from '@jmjhox/date-simplify';
```

In your app.module.ts
```
import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';
import { BrowserModule } from '@angular/platform-browser';
import { DateSimplifyService } from 'projects/date-simplify/src/public-api';

import { AppComponent } from './app.component';

@NgModule({
  declarations: [
    AppComponent
  ],
  imports: [
    BrowserModule
  ],
  providers: [DateSimplifyService],
  bootstrap: [AppComponent]
})
export class AppModule { }
```

And finally, in your component where it will be used:
```
import { Component, OnInit } from '@angular/core';
import { DateSimplifyService } from 'projects/date-simplify/src/public-api';
@Component({
  selector: 'app-root',
  templateUrl: './app.component.html',
  styleUrls: ['./app.component.scss']
})
export class AppComponent implements OnInit{
  title = 'date-workspace';
  constructor(private date_simply:DateSimplifyService){}
  ngOnInit(): void
  {}
}
```
# getDateRangeLimitUTC
Is a method used to get the age limit of the user based on the actual date of the year or a custom date you want to use it from reference using UTC
## How to use it
It has two parameters: 
```
public getRangeLimit(dateRange: number, ChangeDate?: string)

dateRange: number(the number you want to limit)
ChangeDate?: string (the date you migh want to use from reference, the format is dd/mm/yyyy)
```

# getDateRangeLimitLocal
Is a method used to get the age limit of the user based on the actual date of the year or a custom date you want to use it from reference using your local time
## How to use it
It has two parameters: 
```
public getRangeLimit(dateRange: number, ChangeDate?: string)

dateRange: number(the number you want to limit)
ChangeDate?: string (the date you migh want to use from reference, the format is dd/mm/yyyy)
```

# dateFormat
Is a function that formats any date to yyyy/mm/dd , if for some reasons, the date is impossible to get, it returns the same date introduced.
## How to use it
```
this.date_simply.dateFormat('12121998')
```
It should Return 12/12/1998 on string format

# dateIsValid
method to check if a date is valid or not. it only returns false or true.
## How to use it
```
this.date_simply.dateIsValid('12','12','1998')
```
It should Return 12/12/1998 on string format


# dateIsValidFix
Checks if the date is valid, and attempts to fix the date automatically for yourself

```
Format:
dateIsValidFix(day: string, month: string, year: string)
```

## How to use it
```
this.date_simply.dateIsValidFix('12','12','1998')
```

It should Return 12/12/1998 on string format


## Contributing
Thank you for considering contributing to Date-Simplify! The contribution guide can be found in the [Date-Simplify documentation]()



# License

Date-Simplify is licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).


## Code of Conduct

In order to ensure that the Date-simplify community is welcoming to all, please review and abide by the [Code of Conduct]().

## Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a security vulnerability within Date-simplify, please send an e-mail to Jose Aparicio via [josemiguelaparicio507@gmail.com](mailto:josemiguelaparicio507@gmail.com). All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.
